I got my first laptop in 2010 an Advent laptop running Windows XP, then at age of 12 I got a Dell Optiplex 710, I dismantled that machine many times and taught myself about the different hardware components making several changes like adding a GT 630 GPU, installing another RAM module. I also learnt about firmware like navigating the BIOS (changing the boot order), and how to install different operating systems such as windows xp, windows 7 and was also the first time I messed around with Linux distributions in particular Ubuntu. I then built my first custom computer in 2015, an I3-4170 CPU, 12GB DDR3-1333 RAM, H81I-PLUS motherboard, GTX 1050 TI GPU, installed the OS win7, configured all the drivers. Since then I have built and managed every computer in our house, my brother’s a Ryzen 3 1200X, my mum’s a I3-4170, mom’s friend a core 2 Duo, and my own currently a Ryzen 7 2700X. I know a huge amount about hardware, and operating systems (having messed around with and installed every win OS since win95 and a wide range of Linux distro’s like Fedora, Kali, Mint, and obviously Ubuntu).

Im also a self-taught programmer, I learnt Python through YouTube videos and online tutorials (then latter on also learnt JavaScript due to the language being syntactically similar), then studied the language further when I did my GCSE computer Science (Most of my code can be found here https://github.com/JaredTurck). Because I knew the language very well, the teacher use to let me walk around the class and help all the other students with their work (a bit like a second teacher). Every Lunch instead of socialising with the other students, I would go to Mr Bodey-Jones (my Computer Science teachers) class room, and sit there and eat my lunch and ask him questions about Python. I rather spent my time talking to a teach then anyone else my age, because I admired him for his knowledge in computing. In 2015 I then, I won The Corsham School Information and Communication Technology award, for being one of the highest achieving students in my year in Computer Science (A glass award sitting on a shelf in my room).
